well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Tom Segura Christina the ship's
to your house I was in Vegas this week
and I got to tell you this
I found out yeah I did a private on
Thursday um yeah an encore that sounds
like when you're like I did at private
it sounds like you're saying I'm a dick
and ball exit
IM a dick and balls expert i did i did a
private there's one thing I know in this
world sticks and cocks and balls
I'm the president of the dick sustain oh
yeah and that's what they hire you for
your private yeah my private and so
private event is corporate event those
are always dicey you never know how it's
going to go but it ended up being it was
with a bunch of rich riches fuck Texan
oiled people I met on LinkedIn we all
met on LinkedIn and they hired me to do
a stand-up show they were a lot of them
were hampered yeah for the show but I
gotta say they still they treated me
right I had a good time I got to give a
shout out to half Jap Ricky I'm sorry
what who half chap Ricky and Kurt ding
dong ding Josh so both of them uh kind
of organized everything and um yeah we
know we did the show full charge came
with me there was there was a lot of
memorable moments it kind of felt like a
high-end bar show you know like it was
like let me rap yeah dudes were like
yelling shit a guy I thought almost died
literally almost died in the audience he
might be dead now maybe because there
was a couple guys who were passed out in
the like in the sea so you saw ah just
completely out and one dude I was like
hey maybe check his pulse he's old and
he was like leaning forward like that
kind of made he made some gesture and
then later I go that guy really looks
dead now and they someone tapped him and
he caught his breath but it was like it
went from being funny to scary you know
cuz he went
like that and I was like um y'all right
and when I said are you all right he
went thumbs down oh my god
and I go and then the security came over
to try to escort him out and he wouldn't
leave so in the end he after the show he
still had help leaving the room and then
they go oh he ate shit and broke his
nose on the way to his room I fell and
broke his nose he 37 years old no he was
a hundred and thirty seven years old he
was really old what so he was just
hammered well no he was old hammered and
they said I know he had they said he had
sleep apnea no boy you could see when he
caught his breath like that's what
happens to people like they catch their
breath yeah yeah yeah saga that's really
dangerous that that guy's going to sleep
right now in his room oh yeah um but I'd
like to know if he's dead so I can add
it to my bio that's a good point
good today if you are hacky comic you
could be like I killed so literally the
or if you're not hacky just write kill a
confirmed kill would be a great name for
a fucking special right and then you
could be in sniper gear on the cover on
the box cover yeah
but at the end of your unit a microphone
oh I like that but then do you have the
caution tape over your mouth too like
well you have caution tape as where they
put black stripes under your ah
caution caution yeah yeah what's your
comedy shirt are you wearing a comedy
shirt I'm wearing the flame shirt with
flames yeah definitely